CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

We're thrilled that you'd like to contribute to this project. Your help is essential for keeping it great. Contributions to this project are released to the public under the project's open source license. Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

This document explains how to set up the project locally, submit issues, and create pull requests for seamless collaboration.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin you must:

1. [Install Hugo](https://gohugo.io/installation/), to build the site locally.

## Submitting a Pull Request

1. Fork and clone the repository.
1. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`.
1. Make your change, add tests, and make sure the tests still pass.
1. Push to your fork and submit a pull request.
1. Pat your self on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed and merged.

Here are a few things you can do that will increase the likelihood of your pull request being accepted:

- Follow standards for style and code quality.
- Write tests.
- Keep your change as focused as possible. If there are multiple changes you would like to make that are not dependent upon each other, consider submitting them as separate pull requests.
- Write a [good commit message](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

## Resources

- [How to Contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/)
- [Using Pull Requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)
- [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com)

Commit message:

feat(contributing): add steps for running Hugo and testing guidelines

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

We're thrilled that you'd like to contribute to this project. Your help is essential for keeping it great. Contributions to this project are released to the public under the project's open source license. Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

This document explains how to set up the project locally, submit issues, and create pull requests for seamless collaboration.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin you must:

1. [Install Hugo](https://gohugo.io/installation/), to build the site locally.

## Running the project locally 

To run the project locally and see changes in action: 
1. Navigate to your local project folder `cd bsidesgrunn.org`
1. Run the Hugo development server `hugo server`

This will start a local server, available at `http://localhost:1313/` by default, where you can preview your changes in the browser.

## Testing your changes
After making changes, please check the following:

- **Visual Issues:** Ensure that the site layout, design, and content display as expected.
- **Navigation:** Test if all buttons and navigation tabs work as expected.
- **Responsiveness:** Check the layout on different screen sizes (you can resize your browser window or use developer tools to simulate mobile views).

## Submitting a Pull Request

1. Fork and clone the repository.
1. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`.
1. Make your change, add tests, and make sure the tests still pass.
1. Push to your fork and submit a pull request.
1. Pat your self on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed and merged.

Here are a few things you can do that will increase the likelihood of your pull request being accepted:

- Follow standards for style and code quality.
- Write tests.
- Keep your change as focused as possible. If there are multiple changes you would like to make that are not dependent upon each other, consider submitting them as separate pull requests.
- Write a [good commit message](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

## Resources

- [How to Contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/)
- [Using Pull Requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)
- [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com)
