content/_index.md, before:

---
title: BSides Groningen
toc: false
description: BSides Groningen is an Information Security conference organized by the community for the community.
width: full
---

### May 2, 2025 @ De Puddingfabriek

# BSides Groningen

BSides Groningen is an Information Security conference organized by the community for the community.

Each BSides is a community-driven framework for building events for and by information security community members. The goal is to expand the spectrum of conversation beyond the traditional confines of space and time. It creates opportunities for individuals to both present and participate in an intimate atmosphere that encourages collaboration. It is an intense event with discussions, demos, and interaction from participants. It is where conversations for the next-big-thing are happening.

## Calendar

{{% steps %}}

### Call for Presentations

- **December 9, 2024**: [Call for Presentations](https://sessionize.com/bsidesgrunn) opens at 09.00 AM.
- **February 28, 2025**: [Call for Presentations](https://sessionize.com/bsidesgrunn) closes at 11.59 PM.

### BSides Groningen

- **May 2, 2025**: BSides Groningen will take place at de Puddingfabriek in Groningen. 

{{% /steps %}}

Commit message:

docs: add information about event and cfp

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: BSides Groningen
toc: false
description: BSides Groningen is an Information Security conference organized by the community for the community.
width: full
---

{{< hextra/hero-badge >}}
  <div class="hx-w-2 hx-h-2 hx-rounded-full hx-bg-primary-400"></div>
  <span>May 2, 2025 at De Puddingfabriek</span>
{{< /hextra/hero-badge >}}

# BSides Groningen

BSides Groningen is an exciting, community-driven cybersecurity conference taking place on May 2, 2025, at the historic De Puddingfabriek in Groningen.

Each BSides is a community-driven framework for building events for and by information security community members. The goal is to expand the spectrum of conversation beyond the traditional confines of space and time. It creates opportunities for individuals to both present and participate in an intimate atmosphere that encourages collaboration. It is an intense event with discussions, demos, and interaction from participants. It is where conversations for the next-big-thing are happening.

## Calendar

{{% steps %}}

### Call for Presentations

- **December 9, 2024**: [Call for Presentations](https://sessionize.com/bsidesgrunn) opens at 09.00 AM.
- **February 28, 2025**: [Call for Presentations](https://sessionize.com/bsidesgrunn) closes at 11.59 PM.

### BSides Groningen

- **May 2, 2025**: BSides Groningen will take place at de Puddingfabriek in Groningen. 

{{% /steps %}}

## Sponsors

Interested in sponsoring? Reach out to us at [info@bsidesgrunn.org](mailto:info@bsidesgrunn.org), we’d love to hear from you!

## Location

BSides Groningen will be held on May 2, 2025, at the iconic De Puddingfabriek in Groningen. This unique venue, built in 1932 in the Amsterdam School style, combines industrial charm with a warm, welcoming atmosphere. Originally the first facility in the Netherlands to produce pudding powder, a delightful innovation of its time, De Puddingfabriek now serves as a distinctive space for events that call for something extraordinary. It’s the perfect backdrop for an event as special as BSides Groningen, truly the cherry on top of the pudding!
